Custom variables changes: Currently, only Apple profiles are resent (#44850)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/secrets-in-scripts-and-configuration-profiles.md

Profiles with variables aren’t validated during a GitOps dry run because the variables may be missing or incorrect in Fleet. This means they’re more likely to fail during a real run. Best practice: test the script or profile by adding it to Fleet via the UI first.

> > When variable values are updated or changed, Apple (macOS, iOS, iPadOS) profiles are resent. Automatic resends for Winodws profiles is [coming soon]().

Author: ```suggestion
> When variable values are updated or changed, Apple (macOS, iOS, iPadOS) profiles are resent. Automatic resends for Winodws profiles is [coming soon](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/44852).
```

> > When variable values are updated or changed, Apple (macOS, iOS, iPadOS) profiles are resent. Automatic resends for Winodws profiles is [coming soon](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/44852).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When variable values are updated or changed, Apple (macOS, iOS, iPadOS) profiles are re-sent. Automatic re-send for Windows profiles is [coming soon](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/44852).
```
